The variables considered for this study are patients’ demographic and physical information with their underlying diseases. We collected each patient’s gender, age, height, weight, waist-hip ratio as physical and demographic information. Height was measured in foot and inch, and weight was measured in kilograms. For calculating the waist-hip ratio variable, waist and hip both are measured in inches. Regarding DM, fasting blood glucose test values below 5.7 mmol/L and above 3.9 mmol/L were considered normal and coded as “No”. The test value above 5.7 mmol/L was considered hyperglycemia and coded as ‘High’. In contrast, the values below 3.9 mmol/L were called hypoglycemia and input as ‘low’’. Serum creatinine value was used to detect CKD. A creatinine level greater than 1.2 mg/dL for women and greater than 1.4 mg/dL for adult men was considered as CKD. We checked patient history to find any heart related diseases and marked ‘’Yes’’ for heart problems and ‘No’ otherwise. 
Patient blood pressure was measured using a sphygmomanometer because of its better accuracy than a digital device. Blood pressure was measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg). Diastolic blood pressure less than 60 mm Hg and systolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg were considered hypotension and marked as ‘low’. Diastolic pressure 70-80 mmHg and systolic pressure 90-120 mmHg were marked as ‘normal’ and more than these values were considered hypertension, marked by ‘high’. Based on patients’ experience, previous history, and continuous monitoring, IBS, respiratory illness, and thyroid issues were marked down. If any of these diseases were found in a patient, ‘’Yes’’ was used under the corresponding disease and ‘’No’’ otherwise. 
